
== Marketplace - An Online Store API to add,sell and buy products.

 Online Marketplace is a non-profit online store where different User/Seller can subscribe to sell their products. API has been designed to develop a Mobile Application which can be used by the Seller to View, Manage products i.e. Add, Edit, Update, Delete.

== How to Install

* git clone https://github.com/imsinu9/marketplace.git

== Populate DB with Sample Data

* rake db:seed

== Hosting

* Application has been hosted for Paas in Heroku<http://heroku.com> and MongoHQ<http://mongohq.com> http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store

== How to Check the API Response/Request

1. Using Hurl<http://hurl.it>
2. Command line using curl and url http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/category/list
3. You can also use Google API checker Tool.

== Some Sample Request url with Sample Data in DB.

user/add
    curl -d '{"name":"Andrew Flicks","shop":"Boys Zone","contact":"","primary_mail":"contact@boyszone.com"}' -H "Content-Type:application/json" -H "Authorization:generalusertoken" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/user/add"

user/delete (replace token with token you received from previous request)
    curl -X DELETE -H "Authorization:replacetoken" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/user/delete"

user/ownedproduct
    curl -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/user/ownedproduct?sort=stock&order=desc&page=1&per=20"

product/search
    curl -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/product/search?q=polo+casual&seller=Trending+Fabrics&available=true&offer=false&sort=price&order=desc&page=1&per=20"

category/list
    curl -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/category/list?sort=name&order=asc&page=1&per10"

category/category_id (replace category_id with token you received from category list)
    curl -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/category/5270c8d3c1c9529390000004?sort=price&order=desc&page=1&per=10"

product/product_id
    curl -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/product/5270c8d3c1c9529390000005"

product/manage/add
    curl -d '{"title":"Polo Woolen Jacket", "description": "Latest Trending Jackets", "category": [ "Clothing"], "permalink": null, "stock": 72,"price": 1599, "discount": 20, "shipment_charge": 150, "cash_on_delivery": true, "offer": true, "offer_description": "Buy One Get One", "display_image":"http://www.badhaven.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/noImageAvailable300.gif", "screenshots": null, "tags":["polo" , "trending" ] }' -H "Content-Type:application/json" -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/product/manage/add"

product/manage/edit/product_id (replace product_id with id you received from adding the product)
    curl -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/product/manage/edit/5270c8d3c1c9529390000005"

product/manage/update/product_id (replace product_id with id you received from editing the product)
    curl  -X PUT -d '{"title":"Latest Trending Jacket", "description": null, "category": [ "clothing"], "permalink": null, "stock": 87,"price": 1599, "discount": 20, "shipment_charge": 200, "cash_on_delivery": true, "offer": false, "offer_description": null, "display_image":"http://www.badhaven.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/noImageAvailable300.gif", "screenshots": null, "tags":["polo" , "trending" ] }' -H "Content-Type:application/json" -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/product/manage/update/5270c8d3c1c9529390000005"

product/manage/delete/product_id (replace product_id with id of product)
    curl -X DELETE -H "Authorization:d969e9b78cc159bf" "http://heroku-marketplace.herokuapp.com/api/v1/store/product/manage/delete/5270c8d3c1c9529390000006?permanent=true"


== Description of Contents

The default directory structure of a generated application:

  |-- app
  |   |-- assets
  |   |   |-- images
  |   |   |-- javascripts
  |   |   `-- stylesheets
  |   |-- controllers
  |   |-- helpers
  |   |-- mailers
  |   |-- models
  |   `-- views
  |       `-- layouts
  |-- config
  |   |-- environments
  |   |-- initializers
  |   `-- locales
  |-- db
  |-- doc
  |-- lib
  |   |-- assets
  |   `-- tasks
  |-- log
  |-- public
  |-- script
  |-- test
  |   |-- fixtures
  |   |-- functional
  |   |-- integration
  |   |-- performance
  |   `-- unit
  |-- tmp
  |   `-- cache
  |       `-- assets
  `-- vendor
      |-- assets
      |   |-- javascripts
      |   `-- stylesheets
      `-- plugins

app/api/marketplace
  Holds all the code for API.

app/assets
  Contains subdirectories for images, stylesheets, and JavaScript files.

app/controllers
  Holds controllers that should be named like weblogs_controller.rb for
  automated URL mapping. All controllers should descend from
  ApplicationController which itself descends from ActionController::Base.

app/models
  Holds models that should be named like post.rb. Models descend from
  ActiveRecord::Base by default.

app/views
  Holds the template files for the view that should be named like
  weblogs/index.html.erb for the WeblogsController#index action. All views use
  eRuby syntax by default.

app/views/layouts
  Holds the template files for layouts to be used with views. This models the
  common header/footer method of wrapping views. In your views, define a layout
  using the <tt>layout :default</tt> and create a file named default.html.erb.
  Inside default.html.erb, call <% yield %> to render the view using this
  layout.

app/helpers
  Holds view helpers that should be named like weblogs_helper.rb. These are
  generated for you automatically when using generators for controllers.
  Helpers can be used to wrap functionality for your views into methods.

config
  Configuration files for the Rails environment, the routing map, the database,
  and other dependencies.

db
  Contains the database schema in schema.rb. db/migrate contains all the
  sequence of Migrations for your schema.

doc
  This directory is where your application documentation will be stored when
  generated using <tt>rake doc:app</tt>

lib
  Application specific libraries. Basically, any kind of custom code that
  doesn't belong under controllers, models, or helpers. This directory is in
  the load path.

public
  The directory available for the web server. Also contains the dispatchers and the
  default HTML files. This should be set as the DOCUMENT_ROOT of your web
  server.

script
  Helper scripts for automation and generation.
